girls who don't have a father will hit
puberty on average at least a year
earlier which is substantially earlier
and that indicates a real biological
impact of the lack of a masculine figure
in the household because that's a
walloping physiological difference we
know that boys who have lack of father
at the age of 12 have telomeres so this
is a genetic difference that are on
average something approximating 15
percent shorter which means that all
other things being equal they're already
doomed to a much shorter life and so we
don't know what the pervasive
multi-generational consequences of the
breakdown in familial structure in the
final analysis are